When I met your father
I tried to kill him.
It was love at first sight.
His place is with his own breed.
That's mine!
I got it first!
Why should I give it to you?
That's mine!
You lie. Lo'ak! Give it to me!
ONE YEAR LATER
FORT OMATIKAYA CAMP
BRIDGEHEAD CITY
Put it down. Set on
Stay calm...
Sorry. I don't speak your language...
with morons.
Where's your father?
AWA'ATLU. A METKAYIN VILLAGE
Swim with us.
What's wrong with them?
These guys are bad divers.
Arrete
They're learning.
And that starts with speaking the language.
You call that speaking the language?
You sound like a three-year-old!
It allows you to breathe underwater.
LES ROCHES DES TROIS FRÈRES
Call the fish.
What an idiot!
I'm very sorry.
It's very painful.
Faster!
I see you. sister.
I see you. sister. I'm so happy.
Your son is magnificent.
Thank you for your time. How's your baby?
My baby is strong.
I met a boy.
TA'UNUI VILLAGE
This man...
We know he's on these islands.
Here? In this village?
We're a clan apart.
The man in the reflection...
lives in the forest.
You've got to get out of here...
and go into the forest
look for this man...
Stay calm.
Stay calm! Stay calm!
He told you he didn't know!
I'm sorry!
I didn't know that!
Stop this madness!
AVATAR LE CHEMIN DE L'EAU